Welcome to AV testing podcast your modern testing podcast your hosts Alan
and Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing leadership
agile and anything else that comes to mind now on with the show hey Brent how's
it going it's going awesome Alan how about you I'm doing great did you have a
good fourth doing great I didn't do anything at all not a little bit not even
a little bit I did nothing I don't think I think I was asleep by like 10 p.m. I'm
pretty boring so what are you doing there all I see is the top of your head and a
bunch of moving around I'm moving around and got a top of my head I did breast a
record button we skipped the week of podcasts and I forgot how to do a
podcast it's a little bit difficult I could remember what to plug in where and
I forgot to put headphones on and then just I'll tell a quick little story it's
like riding a bike right it is a little bit so I always do the podcast
recording from my Mac which we are today the other day I don't know whether
it was a zoom update or a Linux update because I took two both at once and then
ever since then sort of randomly zoom crashes very horribly on my Linux
machine so horribly that once it crashes my whole desktop is locked like
everything is frozen and in the no Michelle because I'm on Ubuntu and then
maybe two or three minutes later it just then it finally crashes completely takes
back to the login screen I have to log in and start over so I thought well I
don't have time to debug this and figure out what the hell happened so I
will just begin using my Mac it's probably a faster machine and does
things better than my that's what I'm doing and but then there was a reason
for this story oh I just kind of I'm used to turning the other way and I moved
instead of using the Mac camera I switched my other camera to use the Mac
anyway long story nobody cares because nobody can see anything so how's work yeah
anything new and exciting no I know yeah Brent is so thrilled with life right
now I don't know man let's do a podcast yeah TGI yes should we start recording
another day of the week so you have some more energy mr. breather no you know one
of the things we might want to do is I can look at the schedule and rebalance
but now that I am basically working from work more often than not we might
want to talk about going back to our morning times okay I got some topics to
go over but I was insulted what I we got a quarterly business review for my org
with a whole bunch of execs across the company and one of them said Alan your
beard is too long and I said how long is too long he said I don't know but that's
it but I know it when I see it I know it when I see it and that's too long yeah I
don't agree with this and I again I we don't have a lot of hierarchy at uni but
unity uni uni is the new short name right unity but I the words that I consider did
not come out of my mouth so that was good let's go so I want to lead into some
questions but first of all I wanted to tell you something I never told you
before Oh a secret a secret I still think it's the right thing I still think it's
the right thing so as you know way back in late December early January move the
hosting of the AB testing podcast from self hosting to anchor it on FM that's
worked out their own by Spotify's worked out very well there were a few little
glitches at the very beginning but for the most part it's worked I've been
pretty happy with how well it's worked like no no big complaints but one of
the things you can do is set up you can add supporters which is which means
people can like sponsor the podcast I've never advertised this and even in the
text on edge I just said you have an option turn it on or off turned it on and
then in the text I is like you can customize your listeners support options
and I said supporting the podcast is completely optional all proceeds go to
supporting our community through sponsorships scholarships and other
support for our three listeners so which I believe in so we have a separate
account now we're an LLC I put any payment I get for speaking for about that
are that's about modern testing or any other things like that go into this
account the only thing to pay out of that account is well anchors free so
nothing there anymore the modern testing org bill is about three dollars a month
for hosting and then oh then then the yearly domains I put it on I put it on
AWS and just hosted it myself versus paying for hosting and it's super cheap
because we get like you know three users a month going there right exactly
it's the account is there and when things open back up again if I was on
the ball we should have sponsored someone's ticket for test bash home but
I didn't think ahead well enough and I got to kind of get more of this
mindset so the short story is not in it to make money and also a lot of you
know I am a patreon member of some podcasts and
cuz I like the podcast want to give them some money and they're doing it as a
business a little bit different but part of me like one of the reasons I don't
want to push this and I'm mentioning it because I want to
reiterate the fact we're not doing this to make money we're doing this whole
podcast because we want to help people navigate the world of software better
right so as most of you know it costs zero dollars like there's one
there's one podcast I listen to where if you sponsor the podcast you can hang out
with them on a discord channel screw that noise
I do not want perks ever associated with these sponsorships
because I think it it creates a class system that it's already
echoed enough in society I don't want to recreate it in our podcast
there's actually there's there's there's actually a different
phenomenon and I forget the author
but some of the books that I read that led me to behavioral economics which
then led me to data science right once right now we're producing the
podcast and I'm and I'm glad that that actually you didn't tell me about
this and tell now and we'll see later if I
regret you even telling me now but I'm glad this is entirely optional
because things change once the reason why you're doing it
shifts from being a social contract to a fiscal
contract yeah yeah yeah and and I just want to make sure like if someone
wants to put money in the kitty you'll know where it's going and that's fine I
do want to do more outreach with the podcast
but again I'm using all of my probably the canonical example is I made an intro
to modern testing course for ministry of testing
get a little chunk of money every quarter there that just goes into our
ab testing bank account we can use that to
probably put back in the ministry of testing or
other sites or things we we care about I don't want to do perks because I think
it creates a caste system yep and it changes our reason for being
exactly exactly so it's there I'm not gonna I'm gonna leave it on because I
think it does help us with reach and I just don't want to
ever feel like it's anything super special that said
um we have our actually with me us never
advertising it someone uh committed to being a sponsor at a
I think the minimum level which is great I don't want anybody to actually do more
than that and they may stop after a month one of
the things you can do on anchor here's the one little perk you get
and uh if you don't want to sponsor us and still want this same perk I will
find I'm happy to find a way for you to do it
in fact I know the way for you to do it so one thing you can do on
anchor if you sponsor someone is you can leave them a voice message
and Larry left us a voice message and I'm going I will
I'll play it a little in a little bit and uh but if you don't want to if you
don't want to do this sponsorship or you don't feel like it you can't afford it
totally fine but if you want to have your question actually in an audio form
just send me a freaking wave file or an mp3 and I'll put it on there
happy to take your questions in mailbag or anywhere in the one of the
three dot slack comm sorry my dog is bringing me toys now
and we'll answer your question so anyway uh he left the voice message but
then he asked the same question same questions in our slack group and
there were some answers I wanted to go a little bit deeper I thought
for Larry for anybody else we would have answered these questions anyway
but I just wanted to tie in how I just it made sense to tie this all together
and tell this story so thank you Larry appreciate it and
hopefully the community appreciates it we'll find a way to
as with everything with ab testing we're just going to find a way to pay
this forward but uh in the meantime it may be good to
have some discussions about his questions make sense you with me so far
Brent I am I'm looking at our text and I'm wondering
on on the supporter thing I'm wondering if you can change it
and just clearly call out you know just click the x in the upper right
like it defaults to to something I think is way more expensive than anyone should
okay I've only ever looked at as an administrator so let me find the right
window again tell me tell me what it should say
live podcasting as we change our crap okay I'm ready so I'm gonna share screen
oh god make it hard for me yeah
yeah yeah I see I see can I choose their own number
I don't know what happens like those numbers I don't either I don't know what
happens I guess you click it's like to do this
right by here you say it's entirely optional and then here you just put
in parentheses click the x in the upper right
the upper left okay I'm gonna save that and then
we should probably get going with the question so anyway I wanted to mention
that because it was contextually seemed appropriate and I wanted to
congratulate Larry's being the first one and I think again thank you for that
we're gonna make we're gonna do something fun with that
donation and let me go to where the heck is
questions but and actually I wanted to start with the third question
because that's the only left the voicemail about in fact let's listen to
that message now I have been using design by contract
in the Eiffel programming language using Eiffel studio for about 20 years
I find it very shocking and surprising that in that 20 years
that other mainstream languages java c-sharp python swift go
whatever you have that those languages have not picked up
design by contract and made it a part of their compiler
and I'm wondering if you guys can speak to that
issue as to why these major languages have not picked up design by contract
because it's such an outstanding way of ensuring correct behavior between client
and supplier code okay so brent um I've actually have some
experience here but I want to start with you
and talk about like what do you know about this design by contract
do you know anything about it or a little bit about it or have you looked
into it at all uh I have not done any of those things but
in terms of right it the way it's phrased makes it
sound like it is a a formal acronym like designed by
contract deep well it's it's a
often referred to as dbc which is an initialism not an acronym but go on
but interface contract discussions and things like that I've had
lots of discussion around this makes it from the context it feels
like it's um i'm trying to decide is it is it a
new sort of agile based technique that i'm just now becoming familiar with or
is this something closer to sort of the is the assert paradigm that
we've kind of had with us forever it's it's sometimes work it's well they
often work so right it's very close to the assert paradigm
and it's in the case of ifel it's the difference with ifel is it's built
into the programming language i don't know of other languages where it's
built in as a design construct now i haven't done much programming with ifel
or no programming with ifel but i'm at least
somewhat familiar with it and there's a construct i won't go into because
anyone can google this where in the beginning of your function you
can list basically some requirements that let you validate some inputs as they
come in which is a good thing to do and make
sure some things are within a range now a whole bunch of stuff to mention there
though that you want to talk about i'm not going to let you keep my words
going here this sort of construct we did manually
so i don't know how actually maybe you didn't maybe you did so i spent a
chunk of my early career working in the guts of windows and not the deep
guts but the api level guts user mode apis and those were filled
with on debug builds especially but not entirely
asserts to make sure inputs were valid and expected and within a range
those weren't all checked it was checked it what kind of word is checked
those weren't all checked in the retail version but
running the debug version would catch a lot of poor callers of windows apis
some of those could be caught later anyway
asserts just checking inputs that way this is but that's
using the language or the function or adding like you see a lot of functions
if i were to look at windows source code today
a lot of those old apis the first several several lines are filled with
error correction there was this is available
within microsoft's implementation of c++ now but
if you remember the annotations the source code annotations we use for
prefix and prefast for native code at microsoft
those are internal tools those source code annotations were a version of
design by contract it's putting the annotations giving giving and
again not in the compiler or in the in the runtime but
at least giving an analysis engine an idea of how parameters were being used
so they could do a static analysis of the contracts between
functions makes sense yep and then i don't know how much you've done in c sharp
uh have you ever used code contracts in c sharp
uh i think so so code contracts in c sharp which are
they don't let me write code anymore they say alan you're a good manager
i guess but you certainly have to be a better manager than your encoder so you
can't do it anymore but same thing um just do uh like contract
dot requires and you put it's the requirement it's an
an it looks like an annotation but it's a functional annotation a runtime
annotation that makes sure that your contracts are
between functions are are observed and enforced for example if
i'm gonna the canonical example is i have a function called
a banking function and i'm gonna call deposit or withdraw
and you test it with the happy path values and everything works
and then some smart guy like me comes along and decides to
withdraw negative 500 and i get a little boost to my checking account
because it's stupid but what we want to do instead is
through some of my contract requires and again you could do this with code
also and just reject it but what the contracts do is you can put
in like contract requires uh withdrawal amount is greater greater
than zero and it would just fail with it fail with the better error so
it's it's i believe it's in the diagnostics library
in c in c sharp or net that makes sense it's in some regards so one of the
biggest complaints around using a search is people often use a
search for flow control which is it well and the search don't
help unless you have retail asserts built in they're not going to help when
you actually run your code for customers right whereas the contract does seem
to be a a better construct around uh flow control and sort of doing a
search simultaneously that then does have that production benefit now in terms of
you know the question around our thoughts on that
as it relates to tdd right i think that's where you're going with the
conversation eventually i have more examples to give but sure
oh all right go ahead so i was going to say
a little bit at unity um back home i'm not sure if it's still being used or
not but back in the old days when i had a little
qa team that i dissolved side note we were working quite a bit
in part of our business with a very well documented and very cool tool called
packed pact website is pact.io and it's just a
pretty easy to use test framework that helps you build and
enforce contracts within a server actually if i remember right it was one
of the it actually wasn't someone in qa it was
actually one of the developers driving this
it was pretty cool it never it never really caught on enough i think to
get a lot of usage but the people that used it were pretty happy with it
the usage the availability is there and i think there's probably
i know python has a design by contract library it is not a like iphone is the
only language i know that it is built into the language and i
actually looked i was surprised go didn't have this but it doesn't
but most languages i believe probably have a plug-in
a extension that would allow you to do something
similar to design by contract if you if you wish
and then packed of course is just kind of cool so now
moving on to the rest of the question right so what
what dbc is doing if i understand it correct
is it's basically significantly tightening how it can be called
right it's putting constraints around its inputs and its outputs
tdd i'm trying to think it so it does seem like it's a different path to get
there like it is let me summarize often a lot of whether
it's tdd or just or unit testing without tdd
right you're a chunk of your unit testing is making sure
that your happy path works and that your and that some error cases
are being handled correctly the error cases are automatically handled by
the contract right you can't pass right you can't pass bad data it's caught by
the contract right now the data parameters so i don't
have experience with this one and i and it's funny because you mentioned
iphone and and then when you mentioned it i just flashed back uh because i
actually i have done programming in iphone in
college uh and i i just looked up on the internet
because i was actually surprised the thing's still around and apparently it is
and back in college oh i hated this thing it was part of a class around object-oriented design
and it would go through seven compilation cycles and each cycle was literally
like an hour long like it its compilation phase was painfully slow
i i i brought a real i got really good at looking at the code really carefully before i said compile
and i also brought a book which i completed reading uh during that lab exercise hated that
experience when i think about tdd like certainly one thing about tdd is building up your your
your test suite but the angle like tdd isn't isn't just another way of getting your unit tests
online the the whole purpose of tdd is is essentially the test first approach and
the value add from the test first approach so on that front i'm not yet connecting the dots
around let me let me let me connect some dots okay a lot of people say tdd isn't about testing
and they're right it's not what i've found is when i or people i've worked with do use tdd as an
approach to create their unit tests is they end up designing better code because they have to think
about their design up front they have to think about what their code does in the first place
right similarly if you if you are designing your contracts which are just asserts up front
they're also making you think about the way that your code works as you're thinking about your
parameters first i guess you could write it in a way where you could go back and add that contract
at the end and then maybe it's not as value valuable so i would say it's the same brent is
continually shoving his fingers in his mouth while we talk it's just it's um and now he's shoving
all but one finger in the middle up his mouth so i would say they're similar if you're designing
that if you're starting by designing that contract because then you're thinking about the design
otherwise it's similar to unit testing or or other asserts again the value thing i'm curious about
your opinion on is okay so the nice thing around tdd is at the end of the day you get a nicely formed
architecture you get a much more maintainable architecture and the unit test suite yes and
you also get confidence that when you make changes elsewhere that if that those tests continue
to pass that you didn't break anything there's a level of security that comes from a good set
of unit tests whether generated by tdd or not right which make it safer to change code faster the same
is true if you have these contracts in place because you can't change if you change your
contract to change underlying api you immediately know everything is broken and you immediately know
it's not you know at compile time not at runtime i believe that i don't know ifill i
haven't used iful i haven't even played with this so i don't know for sure but anyway that that's
the idea okay so if the question is really do any of the languages we know have designed by contract
or something like it and my answer is no i don't know of any that do by design but there's a bunch
of there's a bunch of variations of it including the packed tool that you can use this and i think
it's helpful i if i remember right there was someone at microsoft you can't remember when
working on drivers in windows and they were looking at using a contract to enforce interaction between
various components in the driver stack i'm not going to go into how windows drivers are built
because i the lie remember it i'm trying to flush it out of my brain yeah i'm i'm saying so to me it
definitely seemed that there's some value proposition with using bbc and i'll go i probably
don't have enough experience on it but all right but my most relevant and recent experience is
with packed which is a little bit of bolting it on at the end but still helpful still helpful
especially when you're and packed is kind of made for the microservice world where you have
a suite of microservices you want to make sure things are complaining well dude i don't know
it i'm gonna you know we're gonna use our um we're gonna use all of our money
that we make from ab testing it's gonna take a few years to get here but someday we're gonna
fix your nose all right let me let me do another question about the uh quick from
learning about the theory of constraints all right talks about the old saying a variation of you
cannot manage what you cannot you can't manage what you can't measure if you're not measuring
you're not managing that's from mcdonald's university this idea is simple you cannot apply
theory of constraints or finding constraint bottlenecks if you are not measuring because
the only measurement allows you to id quantity quality or both measurement requires instrumentation
therefore you cannot measure what you don't instrument with you so far once the cicd pipeline
is instrumented from end to end then one can measure which means one can find bottlenecks
which means you can do something about them question what are the cicd pipeline components
and how do you instrument them how do you improve your situation from those measurements
i've done this a half a dozen times at least maybe a dozen maybe maybe a hundred
yeah when i am using theory of constraints i'm usually doing it uh through through process
organization and tickets on the combine board okay let's add let's answer this question instead
yeah i think i think it's pretty valid so the idea is uh if from the moment code is
from the moment code is pushed to main there's a pipeline that goes through before it's in
people's running on people's computers in my world we like that time to be less than an hour
like an hour at the most usually that's for a slow pipeline and the pieces of that pipeline are the
build testing deployment to staging whatever extra testing is going to happen in that staging
environment and we use a staging environment we're not as good at feature flags as i'd like to be
and then that goes live the mistake teams can fall into is they'll go we're gonna spend a bunch of
time to paralyze testing and make sure the testing phase is faster but if the testing phase is already
only 30 seconds it's not your bottleneck so he's absolutely right you want to look at all those
pieces and actually i should back up a step in the overall cycle like here's my code ready to go
it has to be it's going to get reviewed and then built and deployed etc etc etc right now our
slowest point is probably getting that code review turned around and we're going to measure all the
pieces and i've built little line charts that show the relationship from beginning to end of how
big each chunk is and i'm probably missing some pieces that's mainly it and sometimes
there may be other pre-checks you may have static analysis there's a sonar cube uh pass
that runs we have some security tools that run so we're going to break all those down every
every single thing and in fact we use jenkins for most of our build pipeline and each of those
is a separate function so it makes it pretty easy for us to measure exactly how long each
little bit of that whole pipeline goes but overall uh theory of constraint says we want to
mitigate uh whatever the biggest constraint is until it isn't the biggest constraint anymore
and then repeat well for us the way it works is as i i hadn't thought about it before i started
talking through it but everything's a job and or a function in jenkins and they all get their own
like you can look at them in the even if we didn't measure if you want to know how long your
particular build took you could look in the ui and see everything that happened along the way
and how long it took and what we can do from my team overall is get those in aggregate so we can
get a media a mean and median per repo per service and show what that is and show who's and maybe
target like whoa this team's build takes an hour what the hell and go follow up with them and help
them out but more often than not they'll come they'll come to me and our team and say hey our
build's taking an hour do you have some people that can help we do the similar thing it's it's
essentially that you don't like the way larry asks the question right kind of implies that
instrument the cicb pipeline from end to end which kind of implies a degree of complexity
that you may not actually need a lot of the times if you just go okay every everything
through the flow has these these common phases identify your phases and then just measure
starting end of each phase and the the time in between there's a lot of systems like if you recall
in the old days there's like gauntlet systems that will go and do check games and parallelize
right you also want to measure how long things if there's a queue you want to measure how long
things are sitting in the queue right because all of this is is idle time that's blocking the
thing from going out the door and even then like like what you described was what maybe five distinct
different yeah there may be more from build the build just depends on what you're what you need
to do with that build we may have extra checks you want to do there and it may be like one of
the static analysis tools is really slow but you just i guess i the way i would instrument that so
the tool is instrumented for us in a way but it'd be easy if not it'd be easy to add it i've done
that before as well but if like one step was taken in ordinarily long you probably want to look at
that step and maybe break it down so you can see which are the long parts of that long step to
figure out where to focus like if the static analysis step i'll just pick that example was
45 seconds or a minute which is kind of a long time but maybe there's five tools that run there
i will look and see if one of those was particularly slow or if if maybe i have a ton of stuff i want
to run and they take a long time and i'm doing all sorts of lookups and it takes two minutes to
run that maybe we can run it's it's running off a static code it's static analysis but that means
we can run those in parallel if i need to if that's my bottleneck my team i i hired a new kid
last tribuary who who sort of had experience on on in a in a build environment at his prior company
then you wanted to learn to to to do data science work as i think i've told you before i i i do
this i'm full stack right where one way to view it is we're a dev team that specializes in data
science like i i operate services and one of the things i had to have him invent is essentially
hey i need a i need a a model build process even though models aren't really built in sort of the
same traditional fashion i need a model build process and what he did is he went to actually
ado uh and they have a great facility there active data objects no what's ado azure dev ops
azure devops oh by the way i saw a really cool talk from someone um from that team talking about it
and even they in their public talk said it was a stupid name because it is and the fact that i say
ado and then you're trying to you're trying to sneak that by me right geezers like us will go
oh active data objects right which i actually i don't even think anyone uses anymore so he's
strung it together through what they have is um uh so azure devops pipelines that so they have
infrastructure in there and so we can independently draw together each individual step
and as those steps execute or fail we automatically get all of that telemetry so
that's that's one thing that's nice in terms of the infrared that i am on which is the the
essentially the azure slash microsoft stuff that does those value propositions just now come to us
for free so a lot of it is you don't even need to if you pick the right pipelining tech you you may
already have these things and you don't need to go in and re-implement you just need to figure out
okay where where is all the the telemetry being stored for my team's processes the short answer is
you just measure the beginning and the end and then if it's not a number you like you
find more things to measure in between there until you're measuring enough things in that system
where you feel like you can find the bottlenecks or you may just decide that's as fast as we're
going to get or that's all that's worthwhile the investment that's worthwhile yeah return on
investment so i wanted the last question which uh again is going to involve some stuff we don't
use a lot so it says a number of empirical studies using function points have shown that
software defects first arrive in a design during initial requirement gathering and design
specification writing so yes i think anecdotally we could say yeah a lot of times the design is
wrong so the question is how can you use a theory of constraints instrumenting and measuring the
non-technical specification creation part of your projects before any code is actually written
and my answer here is i'm not sure that theory of constraints i'm not sure there's a bottleneck
but before i lead you any farther how would you answer that question how would you use theory of
constraints instrumenting and measure the non-technical specification creation part of your
projects before any actual well so it's essentially how do we measure whether the non-technical
specification part of the project is actually the bottleneck how do we determine that that i think
that's kind of the point again i would say like obviously you can't do the best of my knowledge
i mean there might be by now ways to instrument specs but again if we think of it as phases with
a distinct start and end then then the typical azure process is you're measuring the cycle time
between an idea the time it takes for an idea to get out to production okay now with that in
mind if your team has like a deep technical requirements gathering phase uh that's a
that's a requirement then you you just say okay well the start time is when the person starts
writing this when they get it done and you you evaluate it against everything else in your
pipeline like an mvp i spend a lot of time talking about this with some of my folks like an mvp
um we want to get that out and actually use usage and things like that to sort of dry the requirements
so the requirement phase in in my my team's projects are essentially hey what's the our best
guess that we want to bootstrap the final project with right what's the minimum set of things that
we want to get out so that we can then start bootstrapping and iterating and adjusting our
direction and at the time it takes to to document that is like two to three times it takes to get
the code out then then we got a problem right and maybe it's worth i'm actually going to just build
on that and go off in a little slightly different direction but yeah i guess it depends if you're
doing work where where it's a long waterfully cycle and you need you need the design approved
upfront i've read the research and in projects like that and what i would agree with is for this
measurement is this is true for projects where a big design upfront is required as i've mentioned
before my teams all do p50 estimates mean they pick an estimate 50% probability and the reason
for that is it is a sweet spot between over planning and over designing and just doing
something it works out pretty well overall we can get stuff out faster but we get it out
at a point where we can get feedback through instrumentation to understand if we've built
the right thing so the design we do the biggest design practice we do is we get everyone very
before we even like day one of the planning is get everyone aligned on the problem we're solving
if everyone agrees like this is the problem we want to solve then honestly that's the bulk of
our design yeah and then and someone comes out of like which implementation do we choose but
everything focuses on what's the best way to solve this problem for the customer and then
ask questions like how will we know if the customer is being successful with the solution
and that that drives the instrumentation that we're going to add to make sure that that's
being done we do that for a lot of internal tools as well as the external stuff we ship
so and that's kind of it so in the world i live in and you for the large part we're delivering
so often that i think we're actually i hate to do the snowflake argument but despite the research
showing that defects arrive during design maybe it's the same thing i'm all over the place here
but i think services are different i think when you if you are and not just services are different
if you practice shipping frequently and are comfortable enough with your data and your
ability to turn around that you can ship something that you know is not complete or you know is not
ready but you're okay with that that gives you a huge competitive advantage right so that's it
that's my design like we're shipping i can't tell you what we're shipping because it's not an
ounce but my team is shipping something very soon we were going to soft launch it got some
feedback from the design team said hey before you do it can you do this these 10 things make it
pretty and i said yeah we'll do them we're going to actually do the top few and then we're going
to ship and we'll we'll keep on changing things and gathering feedback so we want to get that
feedback as well there's the eric reese i think quote that says show me a product that ship
without any bugs i'll show you something that shipped too late so there's a balance there
for sure like i want that feedback i want i want to be feedback driven and real-time feedback driven
and i also know we can we can update this particular thing a dozen 15 20 times a day if
we need to yeah i completely agree like part of his discussion in this is right it kind of presumes
i don't know to me it feels a bit waterfally and i'm wondering i don't know if it's a waterfall it's
it's it's formal it is formal right and if that's part of the if if the requirement gathering stuff
right you you you determine when it's enters and exits the phase and and i would like to point out
and maybe we're wrong i mean this reads as formal or waterfally which are i mean modern testing is
informal and super adaptive so the fact that he's asking these questions and getting value from the
stuff we're talking about and working in a different environment that's fantastic and maybe
there's a lot more context larry has here but uh i'm actually super happy with the engagement
and the questions i think it's really cool so if you are out there and you think yeah i like you
guys are all right i guess you know allen's kind of a dick and brent breathes too loud but whatever
if there's a question you want to ask just fire it away email twitter one of the three.slack.com
whatever i'd like to have more of these kinds of questions because it makes us think makes us think
about how what we're doing can apply to a bigger part of the bubble right and hopefully it's
helpful i guess yeah this is i gotta tell you brent is now slumped with out of his chair all i see
i don't even see his eyes i see like just his forehead his i get tired of his few strands of
hair that has remaining and uh the top of his headphones we have to go we have to go back to
doing the youtube live casts just so people can see what i have to deal with yeah it's
i'll just tell everyone no matter what you think it is it's worse oh everyone should feel empathy
for ellen we got like one minute and i'm gonna do a plug here i don't think we've talked have
we talked since i did the oh my god we haven't since i did the ama with uh test bash home no
actually we haven't talked oh we should have talked about that because it was good uh did i yeah
so i i lost my let me tell you my future of automation and you won't get a chance to make a
uh do i have it here limit let me why you're loading it up or thinking about it i'll say
right miss chrispin right weighed in and and absolutely voiced that you were killing it
on the discussion but yeah i totally forgot about that all right yeah yeah i totally forgot what
they were but let's talk about that next time a little bit and in the meantime if you're a member
uh a pro member of ministry of testing go check out the talk and send us some feedback and
questions i was not um uncontroversial you were not but people thought people thought i made sense
anyway which is great well so that's kind of our our thing like we're like we actually think
we're not actually stating anything controversial we're just stating things that are well i was a
little bit looking forward but uh anyway let's talk about it next time i gotta run so uh once
again i am the one and only not the one and only i'm the uh i'm one of the world's allens
um i am not see you later everybody bye